---
title: 'COVID-19 experience'
date: 2022-06-05
permalink: /posts/2022/06/COVID/
tags:
  - Posts
---

This is a dairy for my COVID symptoms from May 16th-May 24th 2022. Translated from my original Chinese diary.

- **May 16th, day 0**: Started to feel a mild discomfort in the throat. I was pretty sure I will get a sour throat next day. Took the first rapid test, returned negative.
- **May 17th, day 1**: Got up with sour throat and fatigue. Took the second rapid test, returned negative. Around 3pm I started to develop a mild fever, 37.2°C (98.96 F). Took acetaminophen and slept the afternoon. Made an appointment for a PCR test on May 19th.
- **May 18th, day 2**: Got up with sour throat. Fatigue was improved. Worked a bit. Start to have fever again around 5pm, 37.8°C (100.04 F). Tried to sleep and failed, thus played with cell phone. Developed cough around 8pm, mild. Got running nose, with mucus being watery and colorless.  
- **May 19th, day 3**: Got up with sour throat. Felt dizzy and still had coughing. At 10:30am took body temperature 37.7°C (99.86 F). Took acetaminophen. The amount of mucus increased in the nose, still watery. Might have fever but did not take temperature. Went for PCR test. Cough, sour throat and running nose persisted at night. Felt dizzy. Took body temperature again at 8:45pm, 37.7°C (99.86 F). Took acetaminophen. 
- **May 20th, day 4**: Got up with sour throat and cough. Developed stiff neck. Swet a lot the night before. Took body temperature at 8:30am 37.2°C (98.96 F). Took again at 10:30am, 36.8°C (98.24 F). Running nose persisted, watery with large amount of mucus. Fever returned at 4pm, 37.7°C (99.86 F). Not feeling much fatigue. Took acetaminophen. PCR test result returned positive. Took body temperature at 9pm, 36.7°C (98.06 F). Was not able to sleep until ~2am.
- **May 21st, day 5**: Woke up at around 8am, with improved sour throat. Feeling weird in the eyes like having headeaches, but no headache. Sinus symptoms improved but cough did not. Still having running nose, watery, with sneeze. Took body temperature at 10:07am, 36.4°C (97.52 F), again at 1:20pm, 36.4°C (97.52 F), feeling tired, and again at 7pm, 36.4°C (97.52 F), still tired.
- **May 22nd, day 6**: Most sympotoms are gone, still running nose and mild discomfort in the throat. Had mucus in throat. Took body temperature at 3pm, 36.2°C (97.16 F). 
- **May 23rd, day 7**: Still had running nose, mild, cough persisted. 
- **May 24th, day 8**: Still had cough, esp. after speaking. 
- **June 5th, day 19**: Still had some cough, much improved but still had it. 